

Never Have I Ever: 

To play, one person makes a statement beginning with "Never have I ever..." 
and then finishes the statement with something they have never done. 
For example, "Never have I ever bungee jumped." 
Anyone in the group who has done the activity mentioned must take a drink. 
The game continues with each person making a statement in turn.

Most Likely:

To play, one person asks the group a "most likely" question, such as "Who is most likely to get married first?" 
Each person then points to the person they think is most likely to do the action mentioned. 
The person who was pointed at must take a drink. The game continues with each person asking a question in turn.

Cheers to the Governor:

To play, the group sits in a circle and the deck of cards is placed face down in the middle. 
Players take turns drawing cards and performing the corresponding action. 
For example, if a player draws a 5, they must take 5 sips of their drink. 
If a player draws a face card, they must choose another player to take a drink. 
If a player draws a Joker, they can choose any action they want another player to perform. 
The game continues until the deck is empty or until a predetermined number of rounds has been reached.

Kings:

In this drinking game, the numbered cards correspond to the number of sips that a player must take from their drink. 
For example, if a player draws a 5, they must take 5 sips of their drink. If a player draws a 2, they must take 2 sips of their drink.
In addition to the numbered cards, there are also several special cards with their own corresponding actions. 
For example, if a player draws a King, they must pour the entire contents of the center cup into their drink and take a big gulp. 
If a player draws a Queen, they must ask another player a question and the other player must answer truthfully or take a drink. 
If a player draws an Ace, they can choose any player to take a drink.


For 4 or more players

Flip Cup:
 
To play, two teams of players stand on opposite sides of the table and face each other. 
The first player on each team chugs their beer and then attempts to flip their cup over by pressing down on the rim with their finger. 
Once the cup is successfully flipped, the next player on their team can start chugging their beer. 
The first team to successfully flip all of their cups wins.


Name That Tune: 

This is a game where players take turns playing a few seconds of a song and the other players have to guess the title and artist. 
If a player cannot guess the song, they must take a drink. 
Another variation of the game is to replace the word "drink" with "sing." 
For example, if a player cannot guess the song and chooses not to drink, they must sing a song of their choice.

For at least 2 players

Quarters:


To play, players take turns trying to bounce a quarter off a table and into a cup. 
If the quarter goes into the cup, the other player must take a drink. 
If the quarter misses the cup, the shooter takes a drink.

Call of Duty: Drunk and Destroy:

Join a Call of Duty party with 2 or more friends and choose the 'Search and Destroy' game mode. 
Select a type of alcohol for the shots, such as vodka, tequila, or whiskey. Each time a player dies in the match, they must take a shot of the chosen alcohol. 
The game continues until the match is over, and the player with the most kills at the end of the game is crowned the winner. 
As a reward, they get to choose any other player in their party to take the final shot.

Alcoholic Koopa Land:

Gather 2 or more friends make sure everyone has access  Mario Kart and a device to play it on. 
Choose a type of alcohol to use for the game, such as beer, vodka, or tequila. 
Each time a player is hit by an item or falls off the track, they must take a sip of their drink. 
The player who finishes in last place must finish their drink. 
The game continues until a predetermined number of races has been completed. 
The player with the most points at the end of the game is the winner and, as a reward, gets to choose any other player to take a final shot as a reward for their victory.